# virus-info
---
## Overview

The `virus-info` subcommand identifies and reports details on potential segmented viruses based on their taxonomy. It cross-references a user-supplied taxonomy file with a segmented viruses database and a genome type database to predict the genome structure and type for each contig. Additionally, it outputs information for further investigation if a high fraction of viruses within a taxon are segmented.

For each contig in the taxonomy file:
   - If the taxonomy is `"unclassified viruses"`, a minimal record is created (genome type set as "uncharacterized" and structure as "undetermined").
   - Otherwise, the contig's taxnomy lineage is searched through a list of known segmented taxa and information on the segmentation of the corresponding taxon is retrieved. If the contig's taxonomy belongs to a taxon containing segmented viruses and the fraction of segmented viruses in that taxon is high (>=25%), extra details are echoed to the terminal (see Example below).
   - It also deduces the predicted genome structure based on the taxonomy:
     - `"segmented"` if the fraction of segmented viruses in that taxon (segmented_fraction) is 100%,
     - `"undetermined"` if segmented_fraction is > 0 but less than 100%,
     - `"non-segmented"` otherwise.
   - Finally, it will also predict the genome type based on the contig's taxonomy. 
   - If a contig’s taxonomy is not part of the official ICTV taxonomy, the predicted genome type will default to `"uncharacterized"` and its structure to `"undetermined"`.

::::{dropdown} Example
:open:

Information echoed to the terminal if a sequence belongs to a taxon with segmented viruses:
```text
Seq4 is part of the Chrysoviridae Family, 100.00% of these are segmented viruses.
Most segmented viruses of the Family Chrysoviridae have 4 segments, but it can vary between 3 and 7 depending on the species.

You might want to look into your data to see if you can identify the missing segments.
```

The corresponding info in `segmented_viruses_info.tsv`:
| contig | rank   | taxon          | parent            | total | segmented | segmented_fraction | majority_segment | min_segment | max_segment |
|--------|--------|----------------|-------------------|-------|-----------|--------------------|------------------|-------------|-------------|
| Seq4 | Family | Chrysoviridae  | Alphatotivirineae | 29    | 29        | 100.0              | 4                | 3           | 7           |
::::

---
## Required Input

- **-\\\-taxonomy**:  
  Path to the taxonomy file (TSV). This file should contain columns at least for "contig" and "taxonomy". For example, it might be generated by the [`suvtk taxonomy`](taxonomy.md) subcommand.

- **-d, -\\\-database**:  
  The directory path to the suvtk database. This directory must contain the following files:
  - `nodes.dmp`
  - `names.dmp`

- **-o, -\\\-output**:  
  The output directory path where the results will be saved. If the directory does not exist, it will be created.

## Output Files

- `miuvig_taxonomy.tsv`:
  - Columns: `contig`, `pred_genome_type`, `pred_genome_struc`
  - This file lists each contig with its predicted genome type and structure.

- `segmented_viruses_info.tsv`:
  - Contains detailed information on segmented virus records (if any were found) sorted by the segmented fraction.

## Example Usage

Below is an example command-line invocation:

```bash
suvtk virus-info --taxonomy taxonomy.tsv --database /path/to/database --output output_dir
```

This command will process the `taxonomy.tsv` file, using the `nodes.dmp` and `names.dmp` in `/path/to/database`, and write the results (e.g., `miuvig_taxonomy.tsv` and `segmented_viruses_info.tsv`) to the `output_dir`.

## Additional Notes

- If a contig’s taxonomy is not part of the official ICTV taxonomy, the predicted genome type will default to `"uncharacterized"` and its structure to `"undetermined"`.
